Cohesion
Function cohesion is the norm. Not reaching functional cohesion should be backed up with very solid reasons.
Every function should serve a single complete well-defined specific purpose that can stand on its own.

Compatibility
Rewriting any function should be backed up with very solid reasons.
Aliasing functions is perfectly okay but should still be avoided.

Complexity
Only essential complexity is allowed. Introducing accidental complexity should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Correctness
100% correctness should be always assured without any exception.
This excludes user configuration and/or notetag values, plugin call usages, and default RMMV codebase isues.
Not reaching this level of correctness should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Coupling
No coupling is the best, although message coupling is also highly desirable and data coupling is still totally acceptable.
Reaching tighter coupling should be backed up with very solid reasons.
Also, Law Of Demeter should be always conformed with. Not doing so should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Immutability
Immutable codes are generally preferred over mutable codes, although sometimes the latters are called for instead.

Readability
Every function name should concisely and precisely describe the intent of the function.
All function contents should be to the point and clearly illustrate what they are doing.
Additional comments are used to neatly summarize the need of the function's intent and the way this function serve its intent.
Not reaching this level of readability should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Referential Transparency
All functions that are meant to return values only should be always 100% side effect free. Not doing so should be backed up by
very solid reasons.

Robustness
Invariants should be as hard to be broken as possible, as few as possible, and as crystal clear and obvious as possible.
Not reaching the maximum amount of robustness should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Technical Debt
Minimum amount of technical debt is allowed.
Not keeping the amount of technical debt to its minimum should be backed up with very solid reasons.

Time performance
Constant 60 FPS on machines barely meeting the RMMV minimum requirements is the norm.
Not reaching this time performance requirement should be backed up with very solid reasons.
